#summary API Reference of the EDK project.
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation

*_THIS PAGE IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION_*

This is a reference page. If you never wrote a emulator before, you probably need to read the [ComputerTutorial Computer Tutorial] page. If you already wrote a emulator and want to write your first emulator, check the [EmulatorTutoral Emulator Tutorial].

The [AtariTutorial Atari Tutorial] describes the process of writing a real machine emulator.

= Philosophy =

The EDK work philosophy is described in the [Philosophy] page. Its understanding is essential for writing a emulator.

= Tools =

EDK is made of 5 different tools. Check the [Tools] page to understand what they do.

== emu/dev difference in functions name ==

All functions in the API begin with `emu_` or `dev_`. In fact, they are the same functions; the only difference is that when they're called from the emulator, they should be called with the `emu_` prefix. If they are called from one of the devices, they sould be called with the `dev_` prefix.

You don't need to understand why is that, but if you must, you can read [WhyEmuDev here].

= API Reference =

== General functions ==

The programmer must implement the following general functions:

  * _None._

The EDK provides the following CPU functions:

  *`void emu_init (const char * name, int argc, char ** argv)`*

  This functions does this and that.

  * `void` [emu_main] `()`
  * `void` [emu_reset_soft] `()`
  * `void` [emu_message] `(char* message)`
  * `void` [emu_error] `(char* message)`

